ACP2E-342: [Documentation] Mention that partially refunded order remains in Processing status until all items are being shipped (#1632)
magento/merchdocs: src/sales/order-status.md

![]({% link sales/assets/stores-order-status-column.png %}){: .zoom}
_Order Status_

{:.bs-callout-tip}

> Partially refunded order remains in `Processing` status until **_all_** ordered items (including refunded items) are being shipped. Such order status will not be changed to `Complete`, while at least 1 order item is not shipped.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
A partially refunded order remains in `Processing` status until **_all_** ordered items (including refunded items) are shipped. The order status does not change to `Complete` when even one order item is not yet shipped.
```

Author: Suggestions successfully committed.
